Hello!

Thank you for reviewing my app i really appreciate it!

There are many decisions that i made when building the app that i'd like to walk you through. The first being my chosen architecture of MVVM. During my 3 years at Experian I have had the opportunity to use many architecture such as TCA, State+Action Model and MVVM. What i have found during my tenure is that, MVVM has the lowest barrier to entry for the amount of rewards you reap. There are no 3rd party packages, and mountains of documentation needed  to ensure you're using the latest and greatest. I know that MVVM gives me clear data separation, it works extremely well when managing state and promotes making generic code that can be used by multiple views. Its not bound to any single views, and the framework will stay the same. Every interpretation is different but the lack of rigidity makes it extremely easy to use, and create your own spin on.

The second decision that was made was the router pattern instead of coordinators. Now ill be honest there were many times I thought about using UIkit in this project, CollectionViewDiffableDataSource is so much more flexible than grids, and one thing you may notice when building my project is that cell duplication is rampant in the grid view. Coordinators to me are great for larger projects that are modular, require deeplinking and need support for both SwiftUI and UIKit. My project lacked requirements. Thus as i started this based on those use cases, in my view it didnt make sense to use coordinators as this is a 3 screen application, its unneeded complexity for very little gain and NavigationStack holds it own weight. 

The 3rd decision was using Image caching. I wanted to keep images around and prevent the user from having to make expensive calls to APIs to grab hundreds of images everytime they loaded up their home view. This is not ideal for users data plans, and also in slow network conditions they could be waiting for a while. Caching provides a great way to hold onto data until users need it or they close the app. Thats why ive implemented caching and file disk management systems to ensure that users data is persisted not only for the whole of their session, but also the next time they login. I've set cache limits as 200mb, and I was extremely surprised to see how quickly that filled up and began relying on the file disk manager. You might be wondering why there is no file manager disk eviction policies, and unfortunately I ran out of time, and in the order of priorities this fell down. However, i've written a function to remove images from the disk, I would then just need to write a function to check the write date and remove the image if it had not been recently viewed. I've also added pagination to the view to keep constantly loading images and storing them in the cache. 

Another decision that was taken, was to leave out UI Tests and that was unfortunately also due to time. I've added in all of my AccessibilityIdentifiers, to show my intention of starting them but unfortunately time has not been on my side during this take home task. I have tested my router, my viewmodels and services with unit tests, so coverage is not nil. However i'm disappointed not to be able to add that extra layer of testing. If time permitted that would have been finished, due to their low barrier to entry. 

Lastly I have not added any accessibility, again due to time constraints. 

Thanks for taking the time out to review my project, 

Im looking forward to feedback!
